have you ever wished every day could be
an Aloha Friday well it can be at the
Kona Coast resort
Kona Coast is situated on the scenic
western shore of Hawaii's Big Island
it's all good as you could see the
atmosphere and the Scenic's is just
knockout gorgeous this award-winning
Haven of tropical recreation is
surrounded by lush gardens features easy
access to Kona's famous beaches and is
alive with opportunities for endless
recreation
the Big Island is a mecca of outdoor fun
and the Kona Coast resort puts you in
the perfect position to take full
advantage of all there is to do and see
right here
ride the perfect wave explore the world
beneath the waves on a snorkeling or
scuba trip hike way up the mountainside
or you can enjoy an aerial expedition on
a helicopter tour of the islands active
volcano look on in wonder as molten lava
flows into the churning sea
from stunning natural beauty to
challenging outdoor recreation the best
of the Big Island is yours to experience
you can enjoy fresh tropical breezes and
stunning ocean views at Kona Country
Club's 36-hole golf course or
experienced the authentic cuisine and
traditional Hawaiian entertainment at
Kona village just ten minutes from the
Kona Coast resort the property itself is
also a hub of activity with splash the
resort's center for family fun you can
rent recreation equipment like
snorkeling gear for a trip to the nearby
beaches learn Hawaiian phrases crafts
traditional leis play beach volleyball
in the warm tropical Sun then cool off
with a drink from the Aloha Friday's bar
and restaurant
if quiet solace and relaxation is what
you seek head on over to the quiet pool
and read a book in the Sun while
enjoying gentle tropical music and
stunning natural beauty and at the end
of your adventures and relaxing days in
the tropical Sun you can return to your
private villa where spacious modern
accommodations provide all the comforts
of home with a Hawaiian flair bask in
the jetted tub enjoy a family meal in
the open dining room or just take in the
tropical breeze on your private lanai
the accommodations of the Kona Coast
resort offer everything you need to
enjoy all the recreation and relaxation
of this tropical paradise so book your
next vacation at the Kona Coast Resort
and make every day on Aloha Friday
you